hey everybody it's dating with Engadget
I'm here with the HTC One m8 for Windows
Phone and it's exactly what it sounds
like this is basically a Windows Phone
8.1 version of the HTC one eight one m8
which came out earlier this year running
Android and I mean it this really is the
inmates identical twin brother same
smooth aluminium chassis a little bit
slippery to hold same 5.5 inch 1080p
display same Snapdragon 801 chip on the
inside same duo camera setup same boom
sound speakers on the front I mean
really if it weren't for the fact that
there's a Verizon logo and the Windows
Phone logo here you really wouldn't know
until you turned it on that it's a
different phone of course when you do
turn it on it's a very different
experience what we're greeted with here
is Windows Phone 8.1 and it's
interesting HTC kind of heads do things
a little bit differently than it would
on Android namely HTC blinkfeed doesn't
take up a whole home screen this time
around is actually its own app right
here so I can open it up and I can swipe
through but if I want I can just ignore
it if blinkfeed isn't my thing you'll
also see that HTC included its own
camera app which has the same interface
the same user interface as on the
Android version and most of the imaging
features are there too this also has duo
camera with most of the same effects the
one that will not the one the biggest
feature that you're going to be missing
this time around is Zoe for those
animated thumbnails the ability to snap
both full res stills plus even while
you're shooting 1080p video otherwise
this largely is again the same phone
just different OS exclusive to Verizon
as we can see that's running on the
company carriers X LTE network and a
different price this costs $99 on
contracts that's a much lower price than
you ever would have paid for the Android
version when it first came out so look
for that starting at noon eastern
if you're interested Freeman the Nvidia
shield from the Nvidia shield I just
wanna do a quick demo this is how
streaming works on the Nvidia shield as
you can see there's the desktop in front
of you